Update mentions of viam-provisioning.json to viam-defaults.json (#4110)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/reference/changelog.md

| `offline_timeout` | boolean | Optional | Will only enter provisioning mode (hotspot) after being disconnected longer than this time. Useful on flaky connections, or when part of a system where the device may start quickly, but the wifi/router may take longer to be available. Default: `"2m"` (2 minutes). |
| `user_timeout` | boolean | Optional | Amount of time before considering a user (using the captive web portal or provisioning app) idle, and resuming normal behavior. Used to avoid interrupting provisioning mode (for example for network tests/retries) when a user might be busy entering details. Default: `"5m"` (5 minutes). |
| `fallback_timeout` | boolean | Optional | Provisioning mode will exit after this time, to allow other unmanaged (for example wired) or manually configured connections to be tried. Provisioning mode will restart if the connection/online status doesn't change. Default: `"10m"` (10 minutes). |

> | `networks` | array | Optional | Add additional networks the machine can connect to for provisioning. We recommend that you add WiFi settings in the operating system (for example, directly in NetworkManager) rather than in this file, or in the corresponding machine config in the Viam app, if networks aren't needed until after initial provisioning. See [Networks](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#networks). Default: `[]`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `networks` | array | Optional | Add additional networks the machine can connect to for provisioning. We recommend that you add WiFi settings in the operating system (for example, directly in NetworkManager) rather than in this file, or in the corresponding machine config in the Viam app, if networks aren't needed until after initial provisioning. Default: `[]`. |
```

<!-- If there is no concrete date for a change that makes sense, use the end of the month it was released in. -->

{{% changelog color="changed" title="Viam provisioning filename" date="2025-03-24" %}}

> When provisioning devices, the configuration file for provisioning is now called <FILE>viam-defaults.json</FILE> and uses different syntax and field names. The old <FILE>viam-provisioning.json</FILE> is still required for older versions of `viam-agent`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not certain exactly how this should be phrased, but this isn't JUST a filename change. The new viam-defaults.json file allows setting ANY agent config values to customized defaults. So while it should now be used instead of the old, more limited viam-provisioning.json, it's not just a direct replacement.

> {{% changelog color="changed" title="Viam provisioning filename" date="2025-03-24" %}}
> 
> When provisioning devices, the configuration file for provisioning is now called <FILE>viam-defaults.json</FILE> and uses different syntax and field names. The old <FILE>viam-provisioning.json</FILE> is still required for older versions of `viam-agent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% changelog color="changed" title="Viam provisioning" date="2025-03-24" %}}

You can now set any `viam-agent` configuration values to customized defaults.
If you are using `viam-agent` version X.X.X or newer, the provisioning file is called <FILE>viam-defaults.json</FILE> and uses new syntax and field names.
When provisioning devices using an older version of `viam-agent`, the configuration file needs to be called <FILE>viam-provisioning.json</FILE>.
```
